 <html>

<head>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<meta name=Generator content="Microsoft Word 11 (filtered)">
<title>  MINUTES</title>
<body> 
<center><H3>MINUTES<br>
BOARD OF DIRECTORS<br>
CSSSJ</H3>
August 05, 2007</center><br><br>
<P>
Call to Order by Linda Delgado at the Prusch Park Meeting Hall at 10:35  A.M.
</P>
<P>
<TABLE cellspacing=0>
<tr><td>Members: &nbsp &nbsp; </td><td nowrap>President Linda Delgado &nbsp </td><td nowrap>Secretary Sandy Carter</td></tr>
<tr><td></td><td>Vice President Chuck Breese &nbsp </td><td nowrap>Associate Director Aylene Daggett</td></tr>
<tr><td></td><td>President Emeritus Bill Kurtz &nbsp </td><td nowrap>Associate Director Tony Bassano</td></tr>
<tr><td></td><td>Treasurer Roger Lane &nbsp </td><td nowrap>Associate Director Judy Goodrode</td></tr>
<tr><td></td><td>Past President 	Bill Munkacsy &nbsp </td><td nowrap>Program Director Bill Kurtz</td></tr>
<tr><td> &nbsp;</td></tr>
<tr><td>Present:</td><td nowrap>President Linda Delgado</td><td></td></tr>		
<tr><td></td><td>Vice President Chuck Breese &nbsp </td><td nowrap>Associate Director Aylene Daggett</td></tr>
<tr><td></td><td>President Emeritus Bill Kurtz &nbsp </td><td nowrap>Associate Director Tony Bassano</td></tr>
<tr><td></td><td>Treasurer Roger Lane &nbsp </td><td nowrap>Associate Director Judy Goodrode</td></tr>
<tr><td></td><td>Past President 	Bill Munkacsy	&nbsp </td><td nowrap>Program Director Bill Kurtz</td></tr>
<tr><td></td><td>Karla Munkacsy</td></tr>
	<tr><td> &nbsp;</td></tr>
<tr><td>Absent:</td><td nowrap>Secretary Sandy Carter</td></tr>
</TABLE>
</P>
<P>
LAST MONTH'S MINUTES for the Board of Directors Meeting:   <br>
Approved with the correction of the Treasurer' report to reflect approx: $12,000.00. Roger will get the correct balance. <br>
Linda didn't remember the part of the old business that said that she would look into a &quot;getting to know you&quot; information package. Chuck will pursue this idea.
</P>
<P>
TREASURER: Roger will supply Sandy with the correct balance. He thinks it is about $12,000.00. It was moved by Bill M and seconded by Chuck to have a more visible 
Treasurers report available either in the newsletter, on the Internet site or available at the meetings. The motion was approved and the details will be worked out. This would be a general report.<br>
We will take a look at the credit cards or PayPal for our show. Several venders felt that we were hurt by not having the credit cards available.<br>
After much discussion it was moved by Linda, seconded by Bill M and approved that we would give Buchser Middle School 10% of our profit from the Show and Sale. This amount was $440.00. Bill K will deliver the check to the school.<br>
</P>
<P>
MEMBERSHIP:  We have several new members bringing the total membership to over 100. Sandy will report next month.
</P>
<P>
HOSPITALITY:  Bill K is okay with chairing this as long as he is able to get some help. Thanks, Bill. You were missed.
</P>
<P>
PROGRAM:<br>
<TABLE cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0>
<tr><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Herb Fong will be presenting on September 9<sup>th</sup></td></tr>
<tr><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>October is our show and sale</td></tr>
<tr><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>November is the Country Store and pot luck</td></tr>
<tr><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>December is our Holiday event. </td></tr>
</TABLE>
Linda will contact Herb and see what he needs for set-up. (September)<br>
Linda will remind everyone about volunteering for the Show and Sale. (October)<br>
Linda will share information about the Country Store and how it works in the September meeting. Would anyone else like to do this? (November)<br>
We decided to use local and club members for the club plant give away. We will get the three pots for the Mini show winners at our show and sale. (December)<br>
</P>
<P>
LIBRARY:  Nothing new to report.
</P>
<P>
AFFILIATE: 	Linda will call Carole and see if she has anything that the group should know about. We will see what we can do about getting into the calendar for the Journal. Tony and Linda will work on this.
</P>
<P>
MINI SHOW:  This is going well. Linda and Bill M will look at the format for next year. We may cancel the months that there is a &quot;hands on&quot; event because of timing issues.
</P>
<P>
ANNUAL SHOW:  Bill G and Judy will be the Show chairs and Linda D and Bill M will be the Sale chairs. Linda will not be at the Show and Sale on Saturday, due to a reunion. We have looked at ways to maximize the table situation. We will start to put out the word for volunteers. (Reminding everyone to submit plants to the show and helping out with set-up, tear-down, security, cash register, boxing, information, and misc) Remind everyone about the pot-luck and the show bucks.<br>
Bill K mentioned that we need to start thinking about April 2009 because of an Easter conflict.
Chuck shared information about his artists club and that they were not making a large profit because of overhead and over commitments with their funds. We will now base our donation to the Buchser Middle School based on a 10% of our profit.
</P>
<P>
BY-LAWS:  Nothing new to report
       </P>
<P>                                                                                          
NEW BUSINESS:  There were many questions about Norcal. Who is accountable? Some of the board members will see what they can find out. (credit cards?)<br>
We discussed signing up for the club membership to Ruth Bancroft Gardens. Linda will look into this and bring the information to the next board meeting. Possible membership in 2008.
</P>
<P>
OLD BUSINESS: Nothing was discussed.
</P>
<P>
The meeting was adjourned at 12:00 noon<br>
The next Board meeting will be on Sept 9th, at the Prusch Park Meeting Hall at 10:30a.m.
</P>
<P>
	08/07/2007: L Delgado
</P>
</BODY>
</HTML>
