<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - June 2018</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>
<center>
<H3>CACTUS AND SUCCULENT SOCIETY OF SAN JOSE<br>
June 2018 Board of Directors Meeting Minutes </H3>
</center>
<br>
<P>
<B>Attending:</B> Linda Delgado, Kathi Cambiano, Sonia Dyer, Dan Martinez, Bill Lemke, Wes McPheeters, Joyce McPheeters, Gary Stubblefield and Ellen Stubblefield
</P>
<P>
Meeting called to order @ 10:30 06/03/2018
</P>
<P>
<H3>Meeting was a round table</H3>
</P>
<P>
<dl>
<dt><B>Sonia shared:</B></dt>
<dd>
<UL>
<li><B>Finance:</B> Sonia shared the 2018 April Sale Profit &amp; Loss Statement<br><br></li>
<li><B>Spring Show and Sale (SS&amp;S) Concerns:</B><br>
There was a concern with the Show Bucks not being issued to Terri. Sonia to talk to Roger for his take on the issue. Kathi resolved the issue for the current issue. We may need to look at it again.<br><br>
There was an issue with a club member letting a non-club member in to the SS&S early, even though we have made a rule against this. This is to be addressed in future Newsletters and Sonia to follow-up on addressing this with the parties involved.<br><br>
It would be nice if there could be a print out of the vendor #s and names on the listing from Nor-Cal. It would stream line the process of paying the vendors.<br><br>
Svetlana and Roger have some nice ideas for the future Show area. They will share it with the club at a later date.<br><br>
Gary and Ellen got a check for a sold plant when they were not at the SS&S. Could this be an error or a plant that got in with someone else from the last Show and Sale. Gary suggested that when a vendor is not present and there are plants sold with their information, the plant sale go to the club.<br><br>
He also suggested that a plant without a bar code that shows up at the cash register not be allowed to be sold. The “hunting down” of information takes too long and holds up sales.<br><br>
There was a long line to the cash register. Some ideas: tables to hold plants while in line. Club members may cash out early. Additional “Cash only” register. Laminated tags with color and #s to hold plants. Separate “Go Back” table for items when the buyer changes their mind. A map of the tables with the names of the vendors. Can we open the cash registers for credit card purchases for one hour on Friday night for club members?</li>
</UL>
</dd>
</dl>
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Kathi shared</B> information about FaceBook and IG. We have a lot of followers and likes.
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Linda</B> suggested a “Huddle” with present board member when there is an issue at the Show and Sale. This has worked in the past and resolves issues quickly.
</P>
<br>
<P>
<dl>
<dt><B>Kathi shared dates for 2019</B></dt>
<dd>January 5</dd>
<dd>February 3 (Super Bowl Weekend)</dd>
<dd>March 3</dd>
<dd>April 6 or 13 depending on the weekend we have the SS&amp;S</dd>
<dd>May 5 Field trip?</dd>
<dd>June 2</dd>
</dl>
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Action Items:</B>
<UL>
<li>Sonia to write a letter or talk to Roger for his take on the issue of Show Bucks.</li>
<li>Sonia to follow-up on the early entry of a non-club member to the SS&S with the parties involved. Sonia will re-state this rule at the club meeting before the next show and sale and will list it in the Newsletter before the show and sale.</li>
<li>Kathi will look into making laminated tags for the plant hotel.</li>
<li>Kathi will make a map of the tables with names of the vendors. (Kathi will ask Peter, John and Roger for input)</li>
<li>Can we open the cash registers for credit card purchases for one hour on Friday night for club members? Sonia to check with John.</li>
<li>Linda will look at her stash of “new” pots and see if she has some pots that she can sale at her cost for future Show and Sale award prizes.</li>
<li>Linda will continue to bring temporary badges for club members to use at the Show and Sale.</li>
</UL>
</P>
<br>
<P>
Meeting adjourned: 12:00: LD
</P>
<br>
</BODY>
</HTML>
