<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - May 2010</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>

<center>
<H3>MINUTES<br>
BOARD OF DIRECTORS<br>
May 2, 2010<br>
CSSSJ</H3>
</center>
<br>

<P>
Call to Order by President Linda Delgado at the Prusch Park Meeting Hall at 10:40 A.M.
</P>
<P>
<TABLE cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0>
<tr><td nowrap>Present: &nbsp; </td><td nowrap>President Linda Delgado</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Associate Director Tony Bassano</td></tr>
<tr><td nowrap> </td><td nowrap>Vice President Chuck Breese</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Associate Director Kathi Cambiano</td></tr>
<tr><td nowrap> </td><td nowrap>Treasurer Roger Lane</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Associate Director Alyene Daggett</td></tr>
<tr><td nowrap> </td><td nowrap>Secretary Sandy Carter</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Show Chair Bill Gingras</td></tr>
<tr><td nowrap> </td><td nowrap>Board Member Emeritus Bill Kurtz</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Member Joel Parker</td></tr>
       								
<tr><td> &nbsp;</td></tr>
      	
<tr><td nowrap>Absent: &nbsp; </td><td nowrap>Past President Bill Munkacsy</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap> </td></tr>
<tr><td nowrap> </td><td nowrap>Associate Director Sonia Dyer</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap> </td></tr>

<tr><td nowrap> &nbsp; </td><td nowrap> </td></tr>
</TABLE>
</P>

<P>
<B>LAST MONTH’S MINUTES</B> for the Board of Directors Meeting on March 7, 2010, <I><B>were approved</B></I>, with one correction: under the category FALL SHOW, should say <B>Oct. 2 & 3</B> at Buchser School… (not Oct. 3 &  4…)
</P>
<P>
<B>TREASURER:</B>  The balance as of May 1, 2010, is approx. $17,833.
</P>
<P>
<B>MEMBERSHIP:</B>  With renewals, the total membership is now 154 people.
</P>
<P>
<B>HOSPITALITY:</B>  Thanks to Anthony and Vicki Ortiz for helping out with this function!
</P>
<P>
The June <B>PROGRAM</B> will be a presentation by club members Peter Beiersdorfer and Jaan Lepson on their trip to South Africa. There was some discussion that our club meetings do not always fall on the first Sunday of the month, and whether we want to continue with that expectation. The changes occur when there is a holiday or city event that requires the park’s facilities. This June meeting will fall on the second Sunday, the July meeting will also, the December holiday party will be on a Saturday. It was decided that we should keep our guidelines of having the meetings on the first Sunday of the month the same for consistency, and strive for that. Other ideas for programs might be having pottery demonstrations by members Kim Manfredi or Kathy Hendig. Villa Montalvo in Saratoga is in the process of renovations. Contact member Byron Fan for more information on how you can help.
</P>
<P>
<B>LIBRARY:</B>  There has been a steady stream of interest from our new members. Linda indicates that most of the books she brings get checked out.
</P>
<P>
<B>AFFILIATE:</B> <I>Nothing new to report.</I>
</P>
<P>
<B>MINI SHOW:</B>  Kathi is revising the logistics, and will be setting per person limits; looked at will be the number of categories and number of votes. She would like to have this activity run as a committee and if anyone is interested in participating, please contact her.
</P>
<P>
<B>SPRING SHOW:</B>  This was the second best sale’s profit for our Spring Show and Sale ever!! We made $19,000 on Saturday alone. There were issues of overcrowding space, some wasted space, judging standards, number of vendor plants, and quality of show plants. Wheelchair access was poor. Serving the club lunch food in the main public room caused a flurry of interested by-standers to get into line, only to be told they had to be a club member.
</P>
<P>
<B>FALL SHOW:</B>  Oct. 2 &amp; 3 at Buchser School. Bill K. has reserved the space.
</P>
<P>
<B>BY-LAWS:</B>  Sonia has volunteered to spearhead the updating of our Operating Procedures and our By-Laws. We need to determine where within our website the By-Laws should reside.
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>OLD BUSINESS:</B>
<UL>
<li> There was a complaint from Prusch Park regarding the state of the meeting room after our January meeting, that it was dirty and that we didn’t take the garbage out. We may have lacked in taking the garbage out, because the last person to leave didn’t know they were supposed to take it out, but the room was untidy when we came in that day. In the future, we will assure that we will leave the room as we received it or better.<br>
- As a follow-up, Bill K spoke with the park rangers and they did not have any issues with us.
<font size="-2"><br><br></font></li>

<li>Sandy to come up with a monthly notice section for our courier announcing new members. New members get the monthly courier, whether an electronic notice or a copy sent through the US mail.<font size="-2"><br><br></font></li>

<li>Kathi has been working with Rich on some new ideas for our web-site. We’re thinking of a photo archive area, and even maybe a Facebook account. At the next renewal cycle, we are looking at upgrading the space on our web-site.</li>
</UL>
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>NEW BUSINESS:</B>
<UL>
<li>Bill K procured a bolt of black cloth to make dark-out shades for the meeting room. Kathi said she would help him cut them to size.<br>
- This turned into a request by Bill K to the Prusch Park rangers to provide proper blinds for the room, which they agreed to install, and has been completed.  Thanks, Bill and Kathi!!!<font size="-2"><br><br></font></li>
<li>All of the club officers and chair positions are coming up for renewal at the end of the year. Linda will be spearheading the nomination process.<font size="-2"><br><br></font></li>
<li><I><B>A motion was proposed and approved</B></I> to donate $350 to the Buchser School science department for the use of their facility. This is 10% of our net sales profit. Buchser has traditionally never charged us for the custodial help, which costs $200+. The donation to the Science department is part of the arrangement we have in place for the use of their facilities, which they are most gracious.<font size="-2"><br><br></font></li>
<li><I><B>A motion was proposed and approved</B></I> to procure a roll of first class USPS stamps for sending out hard paper couriers and other club correspondence.</li>
</UL>
</P>
<P>
The meeting was adjourned at 12:25 P.M.
</P>
<P>
The next meeting will be on June 13, 2010, at the Prusch Park Meeting Hall at 10:30 A.M.
</P>
<P>
Submitted by the club secretary,<br>
Sandy Carter
</P>

</BODY>
</HTML>

