<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - January 2019</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>
<P>
<H1>Agenda For Meeting, January 6th 2019</H1>
In attendance: Dan Martinez, Loyd Monco, Joyce McPheters, Kathi Cambiano, Svetlana Bellam, Annie Lau, Sonia Dyer, Judiann Ganschow
</P>
<br>
<P>
<H2>New officers</H2>
<UL>
<li>President: Dan Martinez</li>
<li>Vice President: Kathi Cambiano</li>
<li>Secretary: Monica Moran</li>
<li>Treasurer: Annie Lau</li>
</UL>
</P>
<br>
<P>
<H2>Fall &amp; Holiday Sales &amp; current balance</H2>
<UL>
<li>Fall Sale: Profit of $14,569.62 ($58278.50 earned - $43708.88 paid). Still awaiting final credit-card balance from NorCal.</li>
<li>Holiday Auctions: Profit of $1,521.78. ($5286.53 earned - $3764.75 paid out)</li>
</UL>
</P>
<br>
<P>
<H2>Questions &amp; Proposals</H2>
<UL>
<li>Richard's newsletter-contribution proposal: "I would like to use the 100 showbucks award I got to fund an editor's award of 20 showbucks for the member who makes the most valuable contribution to the content of the newsletter during the year (excluding the editor, of course.)  The newsletter editor would pick the recipient.  The winner would be announced at the December party with the other awards.  This would fund the award for five years.  After that, it would be up to the board to decide if they want to continue funding for this award.”</li>
<li>Loyd makes motions that we honor his proposal but maintain his show bucks award.</li>
<li>Perhaps quarterly award for contributions based on interest. Which would encourage more contributions as well as readership. Announce at meeting the plan to award show bucks for newsletter contribution.</li>
<li>Kathi mentions that she stopped contributing because “there was no room.”</li>
<li>Judy mentions that the printed newsletters are probably limiting the space of the digital newsletter.</li>
<li>Sonia - we currently print 21-22 hardcopy newsletters for mainly older members who do not use email.</li>
<li>Sonia says his objection to keeping show bucks and not distributing is that he wishes to be treated like other members. He is not gathering plants anymore.</li>
<li><B>Conclusion:</B> Honor his request and honor his generosity publicly. We will ask him how he wishes to announce the award.<br><br></li>

<li>Loyd mentions: Rich Kroll will be in near future asking about payment for website. Question of whether to increase storage?<br><br></li>

<li>Lloyd mentions: Insurance through California Gardner’s, the bill when not paid in timely manner, the company can be prickly. Kathi notes that she has paid them for the year.<br><br></li>

<li>Joyce asked if we were penalized for running over our time at the Holiday Party. Loyd says that they expect and anticipate additional time for cleanup.<br><br></li>

<li>Do we have a mailing list for officers? If not, any objection to creating one?</li>
<li>Sonia: everyone is expected to create their own email grouping.</li>
<li>Dan suggesting he communicates with Rich regarding the domain and creating mailing lists.<br><br></li>

<li>Are people familiar with Slack, and would it be of use to the group?</li>
<li>Dan: web service for communicating, can be used on phones or through internet.</li>
<li>Sonia: willing to try, asks about usefulness during show & sales.<br><br></li>

<li>Holiday sale and auction: how to streamline/balance for future occasions.</li>
<li>Lloyd to pay balance from 2018 and reserve for 12/7/2019 today (1/6/19) or tomorrow.</li>
<li>Sonia suggests - extend timing to 4:00</li>
<li>Dan: is the timing still acceptable? We ran long and the live auction was cut short.</li>
<li>Loyd explains we got a little off schedule because of dead time. Suggests doing announcements and mini-show winners <I>during</I> the gift exchange. There was a rush on club plants at the end. People took more than they were supposed to OR it was not clear.<br> John’s purchased plant was taken from the table.</li>
<li>How to make expectations clearer and promote civility.</li>
<li>Mini-show participants get a plant.</li>
<li>Members paying dues get a plant.</li>
<li>Gift plants on the tables: one per person.</li>
<li>Plants are purchased from Elton Roberts, Naomi and Bill. Should we purchase from others?</li>
<li>Loyd used to check with Miles Anderson of the Miles to Go nursery.</li>
<li>Sonia: check with Stubblefields and David.</li>
<li>Annie suggests: Jim Smith, Stan.</li>
<li>Svetlana: DeAnza flea market, woman from San Diego.</li>
<li>Sonia: membership currently at 230ish and increase by 30% every year. Will Harry’s still be large enough?</li>
<li>Annie: why not do RSVP? Will give general idea, can account for no-show percentage.</li>
<li>Also have a sign-in at the door, where 2-inch plants are distributed (markers on which to write name), Sandy with membership renewal, give them blank card for gift exchange, plate for auction - Board agrees </li>
<li>Will need many volunteers</li>
<li>Loyd suggests reevaluating the number of plants people can bring to the auction</li>
<li>Auction plants must have a label</li>
<li>Rules to be posted clearer ahead of time AND at the party</li>
<li>Loyd will speak with a couple of people individually.</li>
<li>Kathi suggests a printed and posted schedule</li>
<li>Backup plan of American Legion Hall in Santa Clara<br><br></li>

<li>Web Page for officers needs to be updated</li>
<li>Holiday show manager - Loyd</li>
<li>Show bucks - Loyd</li>
<li>Bill Kurtz still listed</li>
<li>Add Judiann and Loyd as associates<br><br></li>

<li>Loyd suggests having jobs and duties written out and posted in dropbox.<br><br></li>

<li>Sonia question: who do we want to have access to club bank account? Currently have 4.</li>
<li>Delete Sonia Dyer, she will surrender ATM card</li>
<li>Add Annie Lau</li>
<li>Move Dan Martinez to executive position, will surrender ATM card</li>
<li>Sandy Carter currently listed at bookkeeper level so can deposit membership dues</li>
<li><B><I>Motion made, seconded, approved</I></B><br><br></li>

<li>Sonia suggests notes under Treasurer in Dropbox indicating who has access to account and who has debit card.</li>
<li>Loyd suggests that whenever a card is used or the account accessed inform the treasurer and keep receipts. Anything over $100 should have approval from key officers.</li>
<li>Motion to increase limit price on board-approval-required purchases from $50 to $100: <B><I>made, second, approved</I></B>.<br><br></li>

<li>Motion to reimburse John for his plant, if necessary: <B><I>made, seconded, approved</I></B></li>
</UL>
</P>
<br>
<P>
<H2>Closing Notes</H2>
<UL>
<li>Dan and Monica not attending February meeting.</li>
<li>Kathi will conduct board meeting.</li>
<li>Judyann will take minutes.</li>
<li>Loyd will conduct raffle.</li>
</UL>
</P>
<br>
</BODY>
</HTML>
