<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - January 2018</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>
<center>
<H3>CACTUS AND SUCCULENT SOCIETY OF SAN JOSE<br>
January 2018 Board of Directors Meeting Minutes </H3>
</center>
<br>
<P>Attending: Linda Delgado, Kathi Cambiano, Sonia Dyer, Roger Lane &amp; Monica Moran
</P>
<P>
Meeting called to order @ 1100
</P>
<P>
<B>Meeting was a round table</B>
</P>
<P>
<dl>
<dt><B>Sonia shared:</B></dt>
<dd><UL><li>Two members have stepped forward to help the Treasurer<br>
Sandy Carter would like to be able to deposit the membership dues<br>
 Debbie Ellis would like to help out</li>
<li>Wes may need to retire as club photographer due to medical issues</li>
<li>Mini show: Maybe the plants that win could be featured in the newsletter?
<UL><li>Bill may have some additional ideas.</li></UL></li>
<li>Was the School bill paid for the last show and sale (S&amp;S)? Yes</li>
<li>When should we have the next S&amp;S? Maybe on April 22: Earth Day?</li>
<li>Maybe we should look into Harry’s for next December event. Roger to follow-up</li>
<li>Sonia talked to Joan Kurtz and she would like to have some people come to their place to take some of the pots and plants that they have and are not in need of any longer. Sonia will work to see if she can get a group together.</li>
<li>We may want to document more of the club information for the future. We have several items that are not documented and it is difficult for new people to fit into the roles.</li>
<li>Do we want to keep the April show as a judged show and the October show as a People’s choice show?</li>
</UL>
</dd>
</dl>
</P>
<P>
<dl>
<dt><B>Action Items:</B></dt>
<dd>
<UL>
<li>Roger will be checking the mailing list and seeing which people should be deleted or kept.</li>
<li>Linda to check old NCSAA emails for old contact info
<UL><li>MA Bjorkman 05/09/2017 last contact.</li></UL></li>
<li>Roger to follow-up with Harry’s</li>
<li>Forward to Dan and Monica the emails from Jaan and Peter regarding the S&amp;S.
<UL><li>Linda forwarded this email.</li></UL></li>
</UL>
</dd>
</dl>
</P>
<P>
Meeting adjourned: 12:00: LD
</P>
</BODY>
</HTML>
