<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - March 2014</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>
<center>
<H3>CACTUS AND SUCCULENT SOCIETY OF SAN JOSE<br>
Mar 2, 2014 Board of Directors Meeting Minutes </H3>
</center>
<br>

<P>
Attending: Bill Kurtz,  Kathi Cambiano, Sonia Dyer, Loyd Monaco, Alex Morgan, Joel Parker
</P>
<P>
Called to order at 10:45AM
</P>
<P>
Sonia passed out a copy of the projected expenses for the upcoming field trip to UC-Davis.   It was agreed that she should go ahead and book the bus.   Loyd agreed to handle the refreshments.
</P>
<P>
Per Bill K, the spring show is still on for April 4, 5, and 6 at Peterson, and the school has also been booked for the fall show and sale the last weekend of September.
</P>
<P>
Alex handed out a checklist for club equipment and expendables and is looking for feedback.  We agreed it looks pretty comprehensive.
</P>
<P>
Kathi raised a question regarding mini-shows:  when does a novice have to start entering the mini-show as advanced?   Several people have been in the club more than 5 years or have more than the required number of wins, and still enter as novices.
</P>
<P>
<DL>
<DT>Old Business:</DT>
<DD>Sale vendor split is currently 70/30.    Roger to contact Naomi to get a feel for the split that other clubs have.</DD>
</DL>
</P>
<P>
<DL>
<DT>Program Schedule:</DT>
<DD>Loyd has lined up Bill Munkascy as the March meeting speaker.  April 5 &amp; 6 is still the date for the spring show at Peterson.   The May meeting will consist of the May 17 field trip. We will handle the May Board Meeting by email - everyone send their updates, etc to Sonia who can put out a consolidated report.</DD>
</DL>
</P>
<P>
<DL>
<DT>Future meeting dates:</DT>
<DD>May 17, June 1, July 13, Aug 10, Sept 7,  Show Sept 27-28 at Peterson, Nov 2, Party Sat Dec 6 at Harry's Hoffbrau.</DD>
</DL>
</P>
<P>
Bill K reports that San Jose State has some cacti that  they would appreciate help identifying.  Loyd will stop by and visit them to get an overview of what they've got.  Possibly we could put together a set of 3 or 4 people to go over there together.
</P>
<P>
Donation in Frank Bloss' memory.  Loyd broached with Naomi.  Naomi's family is looking into getting a bench at the UC Santa Cruz Arboretum, that we might contribute to.  Naomi to get back with Loyd.  Loyd talked to Naomi at the Christmas party and she still didn't have more info.   Loyd to get back with her.
</P>
<P>
Loyd would like the club to have team tee shirts and caps.   Kathi and Sandy Carter have a computer file of the club logo.  Kathi will send a copy to Loyd for followup.
</P>
<P>
Adjourned at 11:50AM.</P>
</BODY>
</HTML>
