<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - September 2018</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>
<center>
<H3>CACTUS AND SUCCULENT SOCIETY OF SAN JOSE<br>
September 2018 Board of Directors Meeting Minutes</H3>
</center>
<br>
<P>
<B>Attending:</B> Linda Delgado, Kathi Cambiano, Sonia Dyer, Dan Martinez, Wes McPheeters, Joyce McPheeters, Gary Stubblefield, Monica Moran, Svetlana Bellam, Ellen Stubblefield, Peter Beiersdorfer, Roger Lane, Jaan Lepson,
and Loyd Monaco
</P>
<P>
Meeting called to order @ 10:30 09/09/2018
</P>
<P>
<B>Meeting was a round table</B>
</P>
<P>
Flyers came in and mailing labels  were place on them.
</P>
<P>
It was noted that there was an overcharge on one person’s credit cards bill for a charge at the Spring Show and Sale (SS&S). This was corrected.
</P>
<P>
The check off sheet for the Fall Show and Sale (FS&S) was reviewed.
</P>
<P>
Kathi had some concerns that the photography section sometimes was overlooked. We will review this and try to make corrections.
</P>
<P>
This is a People’s Choice event and there will be 24 awards: 23 standard and 1 Sweepstakes. We may look into dividing the tables to identify the different categories in the future to make it fair for all levels of growers. We discussed the FS&S Categories and there may be some revisions for next year. Roger and Svetlana to look at this.
</P>
<P>
Gary and Dan will work together on placement of the outdoor signs.
</P>
<P>
Show Bucks were discussed.
</P>
<P>
Kathi created “Helpful Hints” for the show and sale. She bought a really cool back-drop for the Club Welcome area.
</P>
<P>
Online sign-up sheet for volunteers at the FS&S has been created.
</P>
<P>
Kathi has created a “go back” box for people that have changed their minds on purchases.
</P>
<P>
Linda brought in some of her Non-used pots and sold them to the club at a discount to help with the prizes at the FS&S.
<UL><li>Loyd to look into purchasing additional pots.</li></UL>
</P>
<P>
We discussed an awful lot of items…It was a very good meeting!
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Action Items:</B>
<UL>
<li>Kathi will look into making laminated tags for the plant hotel.</li>
<li>Dan wrote up guidelines for the plant hotel.</li>
<li>Kathi will make a map of the tables with names of the vendors. (Kathi will ask Peter, John and Roger for input).</li>
<li>We will open the cash registers for credit card purchases for one hour on Friday night for club members that have helped with the set-up. You must help set-up to get this advantage!</li>
<li>Linda will continue to bring temporary badges for club members to use at the FS&S.</li>
<li>Linda will bring raffle tickets to be used at the plant hotel.</li>
</UL>
</P>
<P>
Meeting adjourned: 12:00: LD
</P>
<br>
</BODY>
</HTML>
