<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - June 2017</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>
<center>
<H3>CACTUS AND SUCCULENT SOCIETY OF SAN JOSE<br>
June 4, 2017 Board of Directors Meeting Minutes </H3>
</center>
<br>
<P>
Attending: Linda Delgado, Kathi Cambiano, Sonia Dyer & Roger Lane
</P>
<P>
					Meeting called to order @ 11:00
</P>
<P>
<B>Meeting was a round table of information/observations regarding the Spring Show and Sale (S&S)</B>
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Kathi:</B>
<UL>
<li>She thought it would be nice to provide help in the wait line for checking out.
<UL>
<li>Someone to answer questions</li>
</UL></li>
<li>She felt that it looked unprofessional to have people just sitting in the food/plant hotel area by the back doors to the court-yard.
<UL>
<li><I>Linda explained that it is a resting place for people and that we answer questions all weekend long from that location. We also provide security.</I></li>
<li><I>Linda also reminded the board that we are a social club and not a &quot;business.&quot;</I></li>
</UL></li>
<li>She thought that it was a bad place for the hanging bars to be where they were.</li>
<li>She thinks that it would be nice to have a clear stage for the winner’s plants. Pictures and such would look better if they were in a nicer setting.</li>
<li>Three cash-register would be better.</li>
<li>It would be nice to have a templet for S&S entries available.</li>
<li>Social media is so important now, maybe something like cut-outs for picture taking would be nice.</li>
<li>Jackie may have some new ideas for the post cards.</li>
<li>&quot;Ask-Me&quot; buttons would be nice.</li>
<li>Maybe we could have a place holder on the Show side for the entries that have been selected as First place and moved to the stage?</li>
</UL>
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Linda:</B>
<UL>
<li>It looked like the cash-registers were overwhelmed
<UL><li>Maybe more people could be trained to check out?<br>
<I>Linda spoke to Peter and he said that there were more that were trained, but we needed the third cash-register. Who would have thought it would be so busy?</I></li>
</UL>
<li>Really great turn out. Could this be because of the later date, great weather or publicity? Maybe all three?</li>
<li>It would be nice to get more volunteers from the club. Many of us volunteered the whole time.</li>
<li>Vendors were still setting-up when the S&S had opened. Peter addressed this and it should be resolved.</li>
<li>The Sale side seemed to be open way before 9:00. They were told that they would not be able to check out before 9:00 and that the vendors were still busy setting-up. All seemed okay with this, but we will continue to watch and make sure that it doesn’t become a problem.</li>
</UL>
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Roger:</B>
<UL>
<li>S&amp;S information may be really good idea. Cactus seem to be &quot;The in thing&quot; right now.
<UL>
<li>We do have the membership table.</li>
</UL></li>
<li>It would be nice to have more Novice entries. It was difficult for the Judges to select winners from so few entries.</li>
<li>Should Vendors receive &quot;Show bucks?&quot;</li>
</UL>
</P>
<br>
<P>

<B>New items:</B>
</P>
<P>
Sonia moved and Kathi seconded a donation to UC Santa Cruz for $1,000.00. It was voted on and passed. She would like to have it designated for the Arboretum Dudleya student’s research area.
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Action Items:</B>
</P>
<P>
<TABLE>
<tr><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td>Linda will see if she still has the tatami mats to use on the stage at the next S&amp;S<TABLE><tr><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td><I>Linda has several tatami mats, but they are not all the same. I will look into the cost to get uniform mats. I will also look into the cost of buying material that may be used and can be washed after use.</I></td></tr></TABLE></td></tr>
      <tr><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td>Peter will get three cash-registers for the next S&amp;S.</td></tr>
      <tr><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td>Kathi will look into cut-outs for pictures.</td></tr>
      <tr><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td>Linda will follow-up regarding “As Me” buttons
<TABLE><tr><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td><I>Linda followed-up with Tami regarding the buttons. The price would be much greater if we wanted pictures and logos. The $1.00 was the price for &quot;Ask Me&quot; only buttons. Suggestion: make up additional badges like our club badges with the additional format and information.</I></td></tr></TABLE>
</td></tr>
</TABLE>
</P>
<br>
<P>
Adjourn at 11:50: LD
</P>

</BODY>
</HTML>
