<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - February 2017</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>
<center>
<H3>CACTUS AND SUCCULENT SOCIETY OF SAN JOSE<br>
February 5, 2017 Board of Directors Meeting Minutes </H3>
</center>
<br>
<P>
Attending: Linda Delgado, Kathi Cambiano, Sonia Dyer, Loyd Monaco, Roger Lane &amp; Bill Kurtz<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Additional Attendees: Jaan Lepson, Peter Beiersdorfer, Ellen Stubblefield and Gary Stubblefield
</P>
<P>
Meeting called to order @ 11:00
</P>
<br>
<P>
Meeting was a round table of information regarding future meetings and the Spring Show and Sale (S &amp; S)
</P>
<P>
Loyd to take over the post cards and flyers from Tony B<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Tony to send Sonia artwork<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Loyd suggested a flash drive to save important information<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; We also discussed a permanent drop box<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Loyd will work on the Rosettes for the judged winners
</P>
<P>
Roger is taking over lining up the Judges for our S &amp; S<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Roger to work with Bill K<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Roger will bring the labels and stamps for the post cards 03/05/2017<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Roger to work on the check list for the S &amp; S
</P>
<P>
We discussed the early customers at our S &amp; S<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Okay as long as they know that they can’t buy until the S &amp; S is open<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; They are not to interfere with the vendors that may still be setting up<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; We will all be aware and make sure that security is followed
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>January 2017 Action Items:</B><br>
Loyd to look into new ribbons for the S &amp; S (Maybe fancy ones)<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; <font color="#003399"><I>Loyd has contacted the vendor about the rosettes and has worked with Jaan and Peter regarding the count</I></font><br>
Sonia to contact Peter and Jaan regarding S &amp; S and 501 (C-3)<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Follow-up with San Francisco and Monterey clubs<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Maybe get help or copies of their paperwork<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; <font color="#003399"><I>Peter shared what he knew about the set-up. Added to 501 (C-3) info</I></font><br>
Sonia, Kathi and Loyd to follow-up with Tony B about the flyers
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>February 2017 New Action Items:</B><br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Sonia to ask Monterey Club why they went to a formal Non-Profit Club<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Roger checking in March regarding Harry’s status<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Loyd to check on the American Legion Post 419  (Jacky Wilk)<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Kathi to investigate setting up club Dropbox account for storage of board member common information: Artwork, checklists, etc.<br>
 &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Consensus was reached to remove pursuing 501 (C-3) the club will investigate the possibility of becoming a non-profit status<br>
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>501 (C-3) Filing  :Preliminary listing updated</B>
</P>
<P>
<B>Concerns:</B><br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Tax: City, State &amp; Federal<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Paperwork<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Thresholds of $ balance<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &#8226; &nbsp; &nbsp; Amount the club can earn in a year<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &#8226; &nbsp; &nbsp; Amount the club can have on the books<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Internal Audit required?<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Do we need a <font color="#003399">Resale License</font> for the club? <font color="#003399"><I>We may have this already</I></font><br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Do we need to be incorporated?<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Does it impact our Insurance?<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Does this open us up to “Public Records?”<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; <font color="#003399"><I>We may need/have a business license</I></font><br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; <font color="#003399"><I>Would we need to get a Lawyer to look at this for us?</I></font><br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; <font color="#003399"><I>Do we want to pursue for one club member?</I></font><br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; <font color="#003399"><I>What is required by law for our club?</I></font><br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; <font color="#003399"><I>Are we an Educational or Social club?</I></font><br>
<B>Pros:</B><br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; We can give receipts for donations<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; We may be tax exempt<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; If we are incorporated we may have protection from litigation<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; <font color="#003399"><I>We want all of our members to be happy</I></font>
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Schedule for 2017 (Working)</B><br>
<TABLE>
<tr><td valign="top">March 5</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Ernesto Sandoval from UC Davis to present Frost Hardy Aloes<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Postcards and flyers in (Loyd)<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Stamps and labels (Roger)<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Entry Forms (Kathi)</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">April 2</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Prep for S &amp; S<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Show prep in all areas<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; New Vendor info<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Show plant prep<br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Round table event</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">April 29 &amp; 30</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Spring Show &amp; Sale</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">May 14</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Possible trip to Santa Cruz: the UCSC Arboretum and possibly a nursery (Loyd to finalize this)</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">June 4</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Open (May be Russel Wagner)</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">July 9</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Country Store</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">August 6 or 13</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Open</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">September 10</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Open (May be Fred Dortort)</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">September 29</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Succulent Gardens Extravaganza <B>Note: This will be on a Saturday</B></td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">October 12-14</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top"> Set-up October 12: Fall S &amp; S October 13 &amp; 14</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">November 5</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Open</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">December 2</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Party  (Location to be determined: Hoping for Harry’s)</td></tr>
</TABLE>
</P>
<P>
Adjourned @ 12:15: LD
</P>

</BODY>
</HTML>
