<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - June 2016</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>
<center>
<H3>CACTUS AND SUCCULENT SOCIETY OF SAN JOSE<br>
June 5, 2016 Board of Directors Meeting Minutes </H3>
</center>
<br>
<P>
Attending:  Sonia Dyer, Linda Delgado, Bill Kurtz, Loyd Monaco, Kathi Cambiano, Roger Lane,  Claudia Damiani
</P>
<P>
Called to order at 10:55 AM
</P>
<P>
<dl>
<dt>Bill Kurtz will be 88 years old in August, and needs to turn over his club responsibilties to someone else over the next couple of months:</dt>
	<dd>- Interfacing with Prusch Park management.  Kathi will take over.<br>
	- Interfacing with Peterson Middle School.  Kathi will take over.<br>
	- Lining up judges for the spring shows.  Roger will take over. </dd>
</dl>
</P>
<P>
   Per Bill, the club meeting in August needs to be the second week in August (Aug 14) due to the park's tamale festival (Aug 7).  In mid-July, our meetings need to be scheduled with Prusch for the first 6 months of 2017 and payment made.  Roger can cut Kathi a check in advance if we know the amount.
</P>
<P>
   The fall sale is already set up with Peterson for Oct 8 &amp; 9, but not set up yet for next spring.
</P>
<P>
   Kathi introduced Claudia Damiani as a fairly new club member who expressed interest in joining the board.  Claudia will be an Associate Member of the Board.  She indicated she's willing to take on whatever needs doing.   Kathi says she would like to hand off Publicity to Claudia.
</P>
<P>
   Kathi has also found Kris Davis, a former member who came to the last meeting, who seems to be knowledgeable in social media, but she hasn't discussed things in detail with him yet.  She hopes to see him at today's club meeting and continue their discussions.
</P>
<P>
   Through the club newsletter's Volunteer Opportunities section, Sonia had success lining up Club Photographers: new members Wes and Joyce McPheeters.  They will bring their camera to today's meeting.
 </P>
<P>
   Sonia asked Roger to contribute occasional newsletter articles listing what NEW books have recently been added to the club library.  Sonia also asked Roger to give her some of his other gardening clubs' newsletters so we can get more ideas about what to do with ours.
</P>
<P>
   Linda would like to see newsletter articles highlighting an individual club member, what they collect, what their specialties are, what their other hobbies are, etc.
</P>
<P>
   July 10 program will be Country Store.  Loyd doesn't have a list of speakers yet for the next six months.  He wants to line up Naomi to do wreaths in August/Sept.  Linda would like to see a program on succulent bonsais, and a potter.  It's been a while since we last had Ernesto Sandoval as a speaker.
</P>
<P>
Adjourned at 11:50 AM.
</P>

</BODY>
</HTML>
