<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - February 2019</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>
<P>
<H1>Agenda For Meeting, February 3rd 2019</H1>
<B>In attendance:</B> Kathi Cambiano, Annie Lau, Joyce McPheeters, Loyd Monaco, Svetlana Bellam, Judianne Ganschow, Janet Stevenson, Roger Lane
</P>
<P>
<B>Prior Meeting Minutes Approval:</B> moved to approve by Loyd, second by Joyce with spelling corrections (see above). Minutes approved.
</P>
<br>
<P>
<H2>Old Business:</H2>
Dates for room at Prusch Park have been set: 7/14, 8/4, 9/8, 10/13, 11/3 (Kathi)
</P>
<P>
Recovery of John’s plant:<br>
Loyd spoke with Naomi, but exact amount not determined. Plant was not recovered, need to reimburse John. Amount needs to be determined.
</P>
<P>
Agreed at last meeting Dan would turn in Debit Card -- Bank said that as executive signer he should retain the card. Therefore, he is keeping the card.
</P>
<P>
Slack - Everyone is on. Everyone is getting used to using the interface. Note: every device
needs to have it installed.
</P>
<br>
<P>
<H2>Financial</H2>
Sales permit has Roger’s address. This needs to be changed to Annie’s address. Action item:
Annie will check into changing this.
</P>
<P>
Checks from Holiday auctions - bank suggested that we use an endorsement stamp. Roger stated that he used one in the past. Action item: Annie will check with Sonia to see if she has it.
</P>
<P>
Treasurer’s Report -<br>
Report on December auction submitted by Roger to Dan. Annie will get this report from Dan and provide report at next meeting
</P>
<P>
December holiday sales taxes paid - approximately $373.
</P>
<br>
<P>
<H2>Holiday venue</H2>
Kathi checked Prusch and Peterson. Prusch - Barn max 120 people. Peterson - would have to
use benches. $120/hr
</P>
<P>
Roger suggests Harry’s Hofbrau in Redwood City. Rental should be cheaper than at Peterson.
</P>
<P>
Loyd: Considering a wide variety of locations. Possibilities for food: potluck or catered. Noted:
the club has always provided location, gift plants and people have bought their own food.
Kathi suggests we have a committee to go over all the possibilities. Loyd volunteered to head the committee. He requested that a budget be set for the hall rental before committee begins working. Also need to determine size (number of people). Board agreed that $1000 is the max
for the committee to spend without prior authorization from the board.
</P>
<P>
Committee - start a conversation dedicated to the holiday party planning committee on Slack.
Committee will include Loyd and Annie.
</P>
<P>
Food or potluck? Loyd noted that depending on the hall, this may drive food choices. It was noted that having a potluck takes a lot more dedicated volunteers.
</P>
<P>
Harry’s Hofbrau in Redwood City is eliminated as an option as it accommodates only 50 people.
Kathi noted we will still implement RSVP and a check-in procedure as discussed in the January Meeting.
</P>
<P>
Loyd noted that with a bigger facility (ie. Peterson) we will have more space for $20 and under
silent auction.
</P>
<br>
<P>
<H2>April Show and Sale</H2>
Roger - action item to let Kathi know how many postcards need to be mailed.
</P>
<P>
Roger noted there will be a new show schedule for the April Show. It will be posted onto the
web site and the binders will be updated as well within the next week (Action Item). The schedule will be shorter as plants not usually entered will now fit into “any other”. It was noted that the placards for the tables will need to be updated as well (Action item). Loyd noted that placards should include the names as we are chartered with educating public. Roger will provide Kathi both a pdf and word version of the schedule to facilitate making the placards.
It was noted we are short on red ribbons. Ribbons with rosettes not used -- giving pots instead.
Budget for pots - Svetlana asked what the budget for this? Add this as an action item to be discussed in March.
</P>
<P>
Kathi proposed that the Director’s award be renamed to the Bill Kurtz Award. Second by Loyd.
Need to make more bookmarks with Society information (given out at the Member’s table on the
Show Side) if we still want to give these out. Annie offered paper to Kathi to make bookmarks.
Kathi proposed giving out cork planters (no plants, just the planter) to first 50 in line at the show.
</P>
<br>
<P>
<H2>New Business</H2>
Renu will be assistant for Bill Lemke for Mini Shows.
</P>
<P>
Moved and approved for Kathi to get a new box for the raffle cage.
</P>
<P>
Loyd brought up question by Naomi that checks from December event are not showing up in her account. Kathi noted that the checks have been cashed. Loyd asked that we have a copy of the check available to provide to Naomi if necessary to provide to her bank.
</P>
<P>
Motion to adjourn by Annie, second by Loyd. Voted to adjourn at 11:51am.
</P>
<br>
</BODY>
</HTML>
