<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - February 2012</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>

<H3>MINUTES<br>
BOARD OF DIRECTORS<br>
February 5, 2012 CSSSJ</H3>
<br>

<P>
Meeting was called to order by President Loyd Monaco at Prush Park multicultural center at 10:50 am.
</P>
<P>
<TABLE>
<tr><td>Present: </td><td>President/librarian Loyd Monaco</td>
<tr><td></td><td>Secretary Joseph Hidalgo</td>
<tr><td></td><td>Associate/Mini Show director Kathi Cambiano</td>
<tr><td></td><td>Associate Joel Parker</td>
<tr><td></td><td>Associate Sonia Dyer</td>
<tr><td></td><td>Board Member emeritus/Program Director Bill Kurtz</td>
<tr><td></td><td> <br></td></tr>
<tr><td>Absent: </td><td>Treasurer Roger Lane</td>
<tr><td></td><td>Membership Sandi Carter</td>
<tr><td></td><td>Vice President Alex Morgan</td>
<tr><td></td><td>Show and Sale chairs Jaan Lepson &amp; Peter Beiersdorfer</td>
<tr><td></td><td>Hospitality Vicky and Anthony Ortiz</td>
<tr><td></td><td>Newsletter Rich Kroll</td>
<tr><td></td><td>Affiliate Rep. Tony Bassano</td>
<tr><td></td><td>Annual Show and Sale director Bill Gingras</td>
</TABLE>
</P>
<P>
Minutes: January minutes are to be approved.
</P>
<P>
Treasurer:  N/A absent
</P>
<P>
Membership: 109 members (via email) Sonia had made a new membership form, allowing us to collect more information. A motion was made and passed to purchase a plastic filing box for membership purchased at our show and sale for tracking and organization. It was mentioned by Joel that free memberships were raffled at the San Francisco club, which we would talk about at the March meeting.
</P>
<P>
Hospitality: N/A absent
</P>
<P>
Library: No additions
</P>
<P>
March Program: Mark Muridian, travel log Peru. He will also be selling pottery.
</P>
<P>
Affiliate: N/A absent
</P>
<P>
Mini-show: No updates. Mini show plant categories will be printed in March Newsletter.
</P>
<P>
Spring show: We looked at Proofs for the flyers, and we are requesting a total of 1100 mailers and flyers from Tony. Postage has increased for postcards, which we need to purchase. The space at Peterson is larger, allowing us more room for indoor demos, vendors and show.
</P>
<P>
Fall show: Location Peterson?
</P>
<P>
By-laws: Sonia had modified our by-laws by request, and a copy is to be sent to Rich for updated material.
</P>
<P>
Old Business: Projector topic moved to March meeting. Due to the absence of VP and treasureâ€™s findings.
</P>
<P>
New Business: Motion was made and passed for Kathi to make laminated signs for meeting hall change. Future dates/changes: Holiday X-mas Party: Dec 1st, July 1st-July Meeting, Fall show and Sale date? We need to get our hanging rack back for our Show and Sale.
</P>
<P>
Meeting Adjourned: 12:12pm
</P>

</BODY>
</HTML>

