<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - August 2014</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>
<center>
<H3>CACTUS AND SUCCULENT SOCIETY OF SAN JOSE<br>
Aug 10, 2014 Board of Directors Meeting Minutes </H3>
</center>
<br>
<P>
Attending: Bill Kurtz,  Kathi Cambiano, Sonia Dyer, Alex Morgan, Joel Parker
</P>
<P>
Called to order at 11AM
</P>
<P>
There was a discussion of  Rich Kroll's email suggesting a plant/disease contest, as he is getting about one request per month as webmaster.   Having it be a contest was generally vetoed in the previous meeting.    There was further discussion -- the newsletter seems an inappropriate venue.   A presentation at our general meeting wouldn't reach random members of the public that are asking the questions.  Kathi suggests we possibly refer questions about diseases to the Master Gardeners, and we possibly could also invite them to give a presentation to the club.  She will investigate their hotline numbers.   Also we could provide links to other sites that are good for plant identification.
</P>
<P>
Jim Daniels in Oregon passed away recently.  Sonia will bring a card to the next meeting for people to sign.
</P>
<P>
Further discussion of the need for potters at our shows.   Joe Hildalgo may be able to come on Sundays.
</P>
<P>
The spring show will be April 11-12, 2015 at Peterson.  Bill K will mark up a copy of the Procedures document for show dealings with Buchser, so that it's apppropriate for Peterson and give it to Sonia to put on the web site.
</P>
<P>
Loyd has previously lined up Naomi to give a talk at our Sept 7, 2014 meeting.  There will not be an October 2014 meeting due to the show.
</P>
<P>
For April 2015, the show being in mid-April, we won't have a regular club meeting, but Loyd wants to have a show co-ordination meeting at that time instead.
</P>
<P>
The question was raised whether we should have a fixed day of the month for publication of the club newsletter, even though our actual meeting date varies considerably.   We have agreed that having a fixed date is preferable.  Loyd will discuss with Rich Kroll.
</P>
<P>
Bill K says we need the Nominating Committee to be formed for selection of next year's officers.  It should have 2 at-large officers and one board member.    We M/S/P  that Alex should put something in the newsletter calling for new officers.
</P>
<P>
Kathi is growing tired of running the mini-show, and we need to find someone else to take that over.   She agrees to mentor the new person.  We also need to put something about this in the newsletter.
</P>
<P>
We need people to be responsible for tear-down and clean-up after the regular club meeting.   Alex suggested that the same alphabetical rotation that brings refreshments should also be asked to clean up the  room after that day's meeting.  We agreed that was a good idea.   We need to put something about this in the club newsletter.
</P>
<br>
<P>
<dl>
<dt>Old Business:<br><br></dt>

<dd>With respect to Mini-Show novice vs advanced requirements, Kathi will publish a reminder in the newsletter that after 5 years in the club an exhibitor must move up to the advanced category.  People are expected to self-monitor themselves in this regard. <br><br></dd>

<dd>Bill K had reported that San Jose State has some cacti that  they would appreciate help identifying.  Loyd will stop by and visit them to get an overview of what they've got.  Possibly we could put together a set of 3 or 4 people to go over there together.  Need update from Loyd. <br><br></dd>

<dd>Donation in Frank Bloss' memory.  Loyd broached with Naomi.  Naomi's family is looking into getting a bench at the UC Santa Cruz Arboretum, that we might contribute to.  Naomi to get back with Loyd.  Loyd talked to Naomi at the Christmas party and she still didn't have more info.   Loyd to get back with her.  Roger to ask her. <br><br></dd>

<dd>Loyd would like the club to have team tee shirts and caps.   Kathi and Sandy Carter have a computer file of the club logo.  Kathi has sent a copy to Loyd for followup. <br><br></dd>

<dd>A new member recently joined via our web site, and reported that two weeks later she had not received  any kind of acknowledgement of her application and her check had not been cashed.  It was generally agreed that we need more clarity on what the process is when someone joins via the web site, and we need to have a committee to address ways to make new members feel welcome, such as by some kind of Welcome Package. <br><br></dd>

<dd>Terri Koike did an excellent job providing the refreshments on the recent bus trip, and at meetings in general.   We need to ask her if she needs help, so she doesn't end up burned out. <br><br></dd>

</dl>
</P>
<P>
Adjourned at noon.
</P>
</BODY>
</HTML>
