<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - February 2014</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>
<center>
<H3>CACTUS AND SUCCULENT SOCIETY OF SAN JOSE<br>
Feb 2, 2014 Board of Directors Meeting Minutes </H3>
</center>
<br>

<P>
Attending: Bill Kurtz, Roger Lane, Kathi Cambiano, Sonia Dyer, Loyd Monaco, Alex Morgan
</P>
<P>
Called to order at 10:50AM
</P>
<P>
Minutes of the last meeting were approved as published.
</P>
<P>
Roger passed out the Treasurer's Report for this month.  A few items are duplicated by accident in the list but the total indicated is correct.   The report was MSP as corrected.
</P>
<P>
Sandy published a Membership Report via email indicating we are now up to 176 members.
</P>
<P>
Roger to send out a revised show and sale checklist per the inputs he received at the meeting at Sonia's house. However, he can't find his meeting notes.   Can everyone try to reconstruct their feedback and send it to Roger?
</P>
<P>
Per Bill we still haven't received the Buchser custodian bill ($320) from the spring show.   We are letting this ride until we hear from them.
</P>
<P>
Sale vendor split is currently 70/30.    Roger to contact Naomi to get a feel for the split that other clubs have.
</P>
<P>
Program Schedule:    We need to book speakers/activities for next year.   The February 2 meeting will start at 12 and end at 2 because of the Super Bowl.  There will be no minishow in February.   We'll have a favorite plant discussion as the program.   Loyd had suggested that the March show be a presentation by show judges on what they look for when judging the show.  Loyd will see if Naomi is available.   Several other names were mentioned as possible alternatives if Naomi isn't available.  April 5 &amp; 6 is still the date for the spring show at Peterson.
</P>
<P>
Field trip in the spring to UC-Davis.   Roger called Earnesto to see if May would work.  Earnesto said yes, Saturday May 17th at 10AM sharp, so we should be there 9:30-9:45. Sonia will set up the bus.  Tour, plant sales, and lunch should take until about 2-3PM.  The Monterey Bay Club would be invited to join us and Loyd and Sonia will call Linda Waters about it.   Bill suggested we give Earnesto a speaker's honorarium.
<br>
We agreed this will be a substitute for our May meeting.  We will handle the May Board Meeting by email - everyone send their updates, etc to Sonia who can put out a consolidated report.
</P>
<P>
Future meeting dates: May 17, June 1, July 13, Aug 10, Sept 7,  Show Sept 27-28 at Peterson, Nov 2, Party Sat Dec 6 at Harry's Hoffbrau.   Per Bill, our Aug 3 meeting date has been changed to the 10th to accommodate a tamale festival at Prusch Park.
</P>
<P>
Bill K reports that San Jose State has some cacti that they would appreciate help identifying.  Loyd will stop by and visit them to get an overview of what they've got.  Possibly we could put together a set of 3 or 4 people to go over there together.
</P>
<P>
Donation in Frank Bloss' memory.  Loyd broached with Naomi.  Naomi's family is looking into getting a bench at the UC Santa Cruz Arboretum that we might contribute to.  Naomi to get back with Loyd.  Loyd talked to Naomi at the Christmas party, and she still didn't have more info.   Loyd to get back with her.
</P>
<P>
Loyd would like the club to have team tee shirts and caps.   Kathi and Sandy Carter have a computer file of the club logo.  Kathi will send a copy to Loyd for follow up.
</P>
<P>
Adjourned at 11:55AM.
</P>
</BODY>
</HTML>
