<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - January 2017</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>
<center>
<H3>CACTUS AND SUCCULENT SOCIETY OF SAN JOSE<br>
January 8, 2017 Board of Directors Meeting Minutes </H3>
</center>
<br>
<P>
Attending: Linda Delgado, Kathi Cambiano, Sonia Dyer &amp; Loyd Monico<br>
	&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;	Roger Lane came late
</P>
<P>
					Meeting called to order @ 11:10
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Linda shared:</B><br>
Bonsai idea: bring in Keith Kitoi Taylor to show us the techniques (original idea from Kathi)<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Give a voucher to each member of the club for up to $10.00 to buy a plant from our show and sale to be used for preparing a personal bonsai<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Competition for all members at the Fall Show and Sale (S&amp;S)<br>
Linda would like the club to attend the Succulent Gardens Extravaganza at the end of September 2017<br>
She turned over the raffle items &amp; blank name tags to Sonia
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Loyd shared:</B><br>
There are some concerns over Harry’s being un-available for our December event. He will look into other sites<br>
He would like to work with Therese to tie-in the speaker with a portion of the Mini-Show<br>
He would like all members that have an assignment for the S&amp;S to try to attend the Board Meeting the month before the event to make sure that everything is covered<br>
He will work with Tony and Kathi on the flyers for the S&S
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Sonia shared:</B><br>
Information regarding 501 (C-3) See below preliminary list of pros and cons<br>
Sonia would like us to work toward always having three or more speakers/presentations scheduled in advance. Loyd said that he is working toward this goal. He will follow up with an email to the Speaker/Presenter, Board, Rich and Therese.<br>
Sonia would like to have the board meeting from 11:00 to 12:00 on a trial basis
<UL>
<li>We would like to start on time</li>
<li>If we come prepared, we should be able to complete all business in 1 hour</li>
<li>We may need to expand time before our S&amp;S</li>
<li>We would love to include Peter and Jaan the month before our S&amp;S</li>
<li>Please let Sonia know if you are unable to attend the Board Meeting</li>
</UL>
We discussed going on a trip to Santa Cruz: the UCSC Arboretum and possibly a nursery.
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Kathi shared:</B><br>
Schedule for second half of 2017 at Emma Prusch Memorial Park was discussed. She will schedule with Prusch<br>
She is working toward educating members about our Facebook page by Asmita Deshpande<br>
<UL>
<li>Future: Instagram will be shared</li>
</UL>
She brought a sign-up list for important positions: Helpers and Backups
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Roger shared:</B><br>
Treasures Report January 2017
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Action Items:</B><br>
Loyd to look into new ribbons for the S&amp;S (Maybe fancy ones)<br>
Sonia to contact Peter and Jaan regarding S&amp;S and 501 (C-3)<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Follow-up with San Francisco and Monterey clubs<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Maybe get help or copies of their paperwork<br>
Sonia, Kathi and Loyd to follow-up Tony B about the flyers
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>501 (C-3) Filing: Preliminary listing</B>
</P>
<P>
<DL>
<dt><B>Concerns:</B></dt>
	<dd>Tax: City, State &amp; Federal<br>
	Paperwork<br>
	Thresholds of $ balance<br>	
	&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Amount the club can earn in a year<br>
	&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Amount the club can have on the books<br>
	Internal Audit required?<br>
	Do we need a Resale License for the club?<br>
      Do we need to be incorporated?<br>
      Does it impact our Insurance?<br>
      Does this open us up to “Public Records?”<br>
      </dd>
      </DL>
      <DL>
<dt><B>Pros:</B></dt>
	<dd>We can give receipts for donations<br>
	We may be tax exempt<br>
	If we are incorporated we may have protection from litigation
</dd>
</DL>
</P>
<br>
<P>
<B>Schedule for 2017 (Preliminary)</B><br>
<TABLE>
<tr><td valign="top">January 8</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Stephen McCabe</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">February 5</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Short meeting because of Super Bowl</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">March 5</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Open</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">April 2</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Prep for S&amp;S</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">April 29 &amp; 30</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Spring Show &amp; Sale</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">May 14</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Possible trip to Santa Cruz: the UCSC Arboretum and possibly a nursery</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">June 4</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Open</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">July 9</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Country Store</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">August 6 or 13</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Open</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">September (late) </td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Succulent Gardens Extravaganza (probable) This will be on a Saturday</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">October 1</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Fall S&amp;S (Date???)</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">November 5</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Open</td></tr>
<tr><td valign="top">December 2	</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; </td><td valign="top">Party  (Location to be determined)</td></tr>
</TABLE>
</P>
<P>
Adjourned @ 11:55: LD
</P>

</BODY>
</HTML>
