<HTML>
<HEAD>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<TITLE>MINUTES - June 2011</title>
<STYLE>
<!--
BODY {margin-right:.7in; margin-left:.7in;}
 -->
</STYLE>
</HEAD>

<BODY>

<center>
<H3>MINUTES<br>
BOARD OF DIRECTORS<br>
June 5, 2011<br>
CSSSJ</H3>
</center>
<br>

<P>
Meeting was called to order by Vice President Alex Morgan at Prush Park multicultural center at 10:40 am.
</P>
<P>
<TABLE cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0>
<tr><td nowrap>Present: &nbsp; </td><td nowrap>President Loyd Monaco</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Vice President Alex Morgan</td></tr>
<tr><td nowrap> </td><td nowrap>Treasurer Roger Lane</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Associate Sonia Dyer</td></tr>
<tr><td nowrap> </td><td nowrap>Associate and mini show director Kathi Cambiano</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Associate Joel Parker</td></tr>
<tr><td nowrap> </td><td nowrap>Board Member Emeritus and Program Director Bill Kurtz</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Annual sale chair Peter Beiersdorfer</td></tr>
<tr><td nowrap> </td><td nowrap>Annual show chair Jaan Lepson</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap> </td></tr>

<tr><td> &nbsp;</td></tr>
      	
<tr><td nowrap>Absent: &nbsp; </td><td nowrap>Secretary Joseph Hidalgo</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Past President and Librarian Linda Delgado</td></tr>
<tr><td nowrap> &nbsp; </td><td nowrap>Affiliate Rep. Tony Bassano</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Annual Show and Sale director Bill Gringas</td></tr>
<tr><td nowrap> &nbsp; </td><td nowrap>Membership Sandy Carter</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap>Newsletter Rich Kroll</td></tr>
<tr><td nowrap> &nbsp; </td><td nowrap>Hospitality Vicky and Anthony Ortiz</td><td> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</td><td nowrap> </td></tr>

<tr><td nowrap> &nbsp; </td><td nowrap> </td></tr>
</TABLE>
</P>

<P>
MINUTES: May’s minutes approval for May delayed with partial absence of secretary. Note’s for this month are recorded by VP Alex Morgan.
</P>
<P>
TREASURER: No report.
</P>
<P>
MEMBERSHIP: No report.
</P>
<P>
HOSPITALITY: N/A
</P>
<P>
LIBRARY: Motion was made and passed for the club to purchase 2 new books for our library designing with succulents and container gardening by Debra Lee Baldwin.
</P>
<P>
JULY PROGRAM: Country Store.
</P>
<P>
AFFILIATE: No Additions.
</P>
<P>
MINI SHOW:  There were some entrants in last month’s mini show with no ids, no points can be awarded to those individuals.
</P>
<P>
SPRING SHOW: Discussed the Buchser  60/40 split to science and art depts., motion made and passed. A question arose of how much vs. a fixed percentage to be decided.
</P>
<P>
FALL SHOW: No solid findings made for fall show. If a location was not found soon, then we would only have one show this season. Bill made a suggestion that we alternate locations for the show and sales. Joel found a location on Monterrey rd. but it wasn’t suitable.
</P>
<P>
BY-LAWS: There are no additions.
</P>
<P>
OLD BUSINESS: Discussed above, spring show donation to Buchser.
</P>
<P>
NEW BUSINESS: The club needs a new PR person or committee. Kathi has new ideas about a photo page on our site. Questions arose on voting, submission, or to use it as an ID page for all internet users. A motion was made and passed to use the photo pages as information/ ID and PR for our club, and not something to be judged.
</P>
<P>
Meeting adjourned at 12:05 pm
</P>
<P>
Next Meeting will be on July 10, 2011 at the Prush Park Multicultural center at 10:30 am.
</P>

</BODY>
</HTML>

